Hello
The princess just gave birth to your baby
Just when I need you
The son retires
See Father
At night
You have to learn more from the imperial teacher
Look at you
Is the father
Father Emperor
Son here
There is a matter of national survival
I just don't know if it's appropriate to say
But it's okay to say
Well, forget it.
Let's not talk about it.
Why didn't I see you at night? You used to be so afraid of things
I really grew up on a snowy night
Go ahead, son.
Now the demon has been suppressed
Don't be so alarmed
Yes
Father Emperor
The son thinks that the princess or a snake demon
Snake demon
Don't talk nonsense at night
Father and son dare not speak nonsense
I am
I have seen the princess transform into a snake demon with my own eyes
Please believe
And the minister's son took the head as a guarantee
Send him on alert
absolutely not!
The emperor's matter is big
The minister wants to take it immediately
If he is really a snake demon
Dare to come to my light boat country to make trouble
Make sure he never comes back
Take the snake demon
inaction
Chief Officer
Dressed cheap no